The future starts today, not tomorrow. - Pope John Paul II
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can. - Arthur Ashe
Fall seven times, stand up eight. - Japanese Proverb
The best revenge is massive success. - Frank Sinatra
Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement. - W. Clement Stone
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going. - Jim Ryun
You do not find the happy life. You make it. - Camilla Eyring Kimball
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission.
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out. - John Wooden
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.
If you are not willing to learn, no one can help you. If you are determined to learn, no one can stop you.
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. - Ayn Rand
If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. - Oprah Winfrey
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. - Amelia Earhart
Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs. - Farrah Gray
The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it. - Chinese Proverb
There is no substitute for hard work. - Thomas Edison
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out. - Robert Collier
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking. - William Butler Yeats
If you're going through hell, keep going. - Winston Churchill
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. - Walt Disney
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus. - Bruce Lee
It is never too late to be what you might have been. - George Eliot
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows. - Ralph Marston
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. - Aristotle
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it. - Henry David Thoreau
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. - Mahatma Gandhi
To avoid criticism, say nothing, do nothing, be nothing. - Aristotle
I would rather die of passion than of boredom. - Vincent van Gogh
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Winning isn't everything, but wanting to win is. - Vince Lombardi
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions. - Stephen Covey
An unexamined life is not worth living. - Socrates
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today. - Will Rogers
Opportunities don't happen, you create them. - Chris Grosser
When you know what you want, and want it bad enough, you'll find a way to get it. - Jim Rohn
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. - William James
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. - John R. Wooden
Set a goal so big that you can't achieve it until you grow into the person who can.
The secret of change is to focus all of your energy not on fighting the old, but on building the new. - Socrates